[AUDIO JINGLE]
[ADVENTUROUS MUSIC PLAYING]
>> I'm standing and
I'm having the knife.
And I'm stabbing him right now.
And I said, oh, my
God, I killed a god.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
My name is Marcela.
I'm 39 years old, and I
live in Zagreb, Croatia.
Croatia is a very
religious country.
I bumped up with some
seriously issues for me,
because, always, it was like,
the God will punish you.
You need to be good.
You need to do this or that.
And especially
because I was a girl,
I need to be some
person that I was not.
And I started
questioning everything.
I had some thoughts in my
early age that God is love.
God is not punishing us.
God is good.
God is great.
And everybody was like,
no, you need to do this.
You need to behave like this.
If you don't do this,
you will go to hell.
There is a saying in
Croatia, [SPEAKING CROATIAN]
That means God will punish
you if you don't behave.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
I was always living
in fear to be better.
Better friend, better
daughter, better in school,
better in church.
I was so frightened.
I have anxiety.
And when you live in fear and
when you live in fear of god,
it is really hard to live your
full life to be at your best.
So now I'm on a
journey, five years.
I'm now learning to love
myself, to believe in myself,
and to regain my faith.
I was really mad at God
because I was asking,
all the time, myself, OK,
[SPEAKING CROATIAN] God
punished me, but why?
What did I do wrong?
Now I know that I didn't
do anything wrong,
but I still have some
issues, big issues,
to trust in the process in life,
to be happy, healthy person,
and to be loved.
I was at the bookstore and I
was looking some information.
And I found a book from Joe
Dispenza, "You Are the Placebo,"
and that was it for me.
And I went on one of
his retreats in Zagreb,
and I met Petra.
I was working in the press with
Petra on healing my trauma.
And then with working on my
healing journey, I had a tumor.
And now I want to
go a step further.
I want to work in a life
between live session
to know more about my
purpose, to get rid
of my anxiety, my fears,
and to go deep inside me
and to find out who am
I and who I want to be.
I rise up like a Phoenix.
And I'm different person.
Not different.
I'm me now.
I'm authentic.
I'm not scared to
say that I'm scared.
I'm not scared to say,
OK, I've done this wrong.
So I really want people
to know that this work is
worth of trying.
And please, don't
stop doing this.
>> My name is Petra Brozovic.
I live in Zagreb,
Croatia, and I'm a Life
Between Lives Facilitator.
Life between lives is
a beautiful process
that helps people access
themselves and remember
themselves as the souls
that they truly are.
And it really brings us a deep
sense of peace and understanding
and helps us to live the
remainder of our lives
with a greater purpose.
My life was pretty much filled
with a lot of challenges
and traumas, and that's
what actually brought me
into this field and
into doing this work.
One of my biggest challenges
was to understand and accept
that I'm worthy of love and
that I'm safe here and now.
You see, my father was never
accepting me as a girl,
and my parents divorced
when I was young.
And that really left
a big mark on me
because I was always searching
for the love outside.
And that really pushed
me into trying to heal
the root cause of my problems.
One day, I found about
hypnosis and the importance
of working with
subconscious mind
because all root
causes of the problems
are lying in our
subconscious minds.
I was blessed to receive
Michael Newton's book,
"Journey of Souls."
And that brought
me a huge relief
and it opened a huge
new world to me.
And I fell in love with
the work that he does.
Only after I had my own
life between life session,
I really deeply understood
my purpose and why am I
actually here.
And I understood why am I
feeling this feeling of need
to help humanity and the
planet since I was so young.
I finally managed to heal the
root causes of my problems,
and I was ready to offer
that gift to the world.
Along the way, I became
skilled enough so
that I am now teaching
other therapists how to do
life between life sessions.
And that's why I'm here and
that's why I'm so passionate.
I met Marcela several years
ago when she asked me for help
when she was dealing with
trauma that was coming up
to the surface for her.
We had a beautiful
healing session.
I really loved working
with her because she's
so dedicated to her
healing and she's aware
that healing is not something
that you do just once
and then you're done.
It's something
that is a journey.
And I'm really looking
forward to supporting her
on the remainder of her journey.
[SPEAKING CROATIAN]
>> [SPEAKING CROATIAN]
>> But for today, we're going
to switch to English, right?
>> Right.
>> So I'm very glad you're here.
I'm very much looking forward
to our session together.
We've been working
together for--
I don't know how many years,
but we had several sessions
together.
>> Yes, we did.
>> And I know that we did some
amazing job with many things
that were struggling
and bothering you.
But now it's time to
heal something else.
So--
>> To go further.
So maybe we could just summarize
everything and make a clear goal
for today's session.
>> Well, maybe the main thing
that I'm having challenges is
that I'm not feeling worthy--
worthy of love, health,
wealth, abundance, and maybe--
not maybe.
For sure, that God doesn't
love me and he's punishing me.
And maybe I will not
say it right in English,
and I really want to say it in
Croatian, [SPEAKING CROATIAN]
It's something like a
curse when people tell you
that God will give you
something and take it away
because you were not good.
And I'm living
constantly in that fear
and I'm not allowing
myself to be happy
because I'm afraid that
if I will be happy,
if I will be enjoying my
life, I will lose everything.
I know that that
doesn't make any sense,
but I don't know where and
when I get the pattern,
but I'm living like that.
When I go deep inside,
I really believe
that, that he is looking.
And why is he?
So always, some alpha male
checking on me, and he's like,
OK, you're not good enough.
You need to do this.
Why did you do that?
Why did you do this?
You don't deserve happiness.
I don't love you.
You need to be like this,
this, this and this,
and maybe then I will
give you a chance.
>> Do you recall anyone in this
life telling you anything about
it in school or
your parents or--
>> Well, we live in
Croatia, so everybody.
[LAUGHTER]
>> True.
>> So we have this way of life
that we need to be victims
and living in fear.
So if you want me to name
one person, it is my parents.
It is my grandparents.
It is my friends, everybody.
If you laugh today,
you will cry tomorrow.
If you don't-- if you
don't behave like this,
God will punish you.
It's like a saying.
If I now turn over this
cup, you will say to me,
oh, that is God punishing you.
So yes, everybody.
I was abused when I was a child.
And I think that,
everything, when
we go to the core of my
being, we go to that moment
when I say, OK, god,
where are you now?
Why didn't you stop this?
Why do you allow these things,
not only to me, to everybody?
Why?
And always, we go back
to not being loved
and to God punishing me.
I don't know why I
have these issues,
but it really bothers me.
>> We'll find out today.
>> Yeah, we will.
>> Even when I'm not afraid,
I'm saying that I'm afraid.
I cannot--
>> So you identified
so much with--
>> Yes, who would I be if I
wouldn't be an anxious person?
>> Even though we made
some kind of plan.
>> I know.
>> Your soul, your body, and
your subconscious mind know
where we need to go today.
So whatever happens,
wherever it takes us,
it's perfect journey
for you today.
>> I know.
>> But first, we manage
to get you to feel safe.
Then we manage to get you
to start loving yourself.
Unless we love ourselves,
we cannot feel deserving
of anything good in our lives.
And now it's time to start
reconnecting with universe,
with God, and clearing that
belief that's not supporting you
so that you can finally allow
all that love and happiness
and joy to come into your life.
So you can tell me what is your
body experiencing right now.
>> I'm feeling like
I'm going to cry.
I'm a little bit frightened.
I'm afraid of my feelings
and what will we find.
>> OK, so first of all, I want
you to remember that your body
is so wise and that
you are in control.
You decide where you want to go.
And we don't have to go anywhere
where you're not ready to go.
And have any memories come up?
>> Yes.
>> OK, so what's coming up?
>> I'm scared of my body
sensations and my feelings.
I'm so scared right now.
>> So what do you feel
that would help you?
>> I just want to run away.
It's like I'm--
I'm feeling so dizzy like I'm
on a carousel, spinning around.
>> So if you want to open
your eyes for a moment,
it's perfectly fine.
It's OK.
I'm here.
>> I can't do this.
>> It's OK.
>> I'm so afraid right now.
>> I'm here.
You're not alone.
And you've been through
so many situations.
I really had this deep sense
that whatever needs to happen,
it will happen today.
So even though she'll be
freaking out for two hours,
that's exactly what
people need to see.
>> What if we cannot do this
session and if I fail again?
>> OK, there is no such
thing as a failure.
There's no such
thing as a mistake.
It's just an experience.
>> But I'm so afraid
of my body sensations.
>> OK, so let's be with your
body sensations for start.
So what are you afraid of?
>> That I will die or lose
control or that something bad is
going to happen to me.
I have never felt
anything like this.
>> Remember you can open
your eyes whenever you want.
And you can allow
your body to shake.
What it's doing is simply
releasing something,
and it's bringing to
the surface something
that it is ready to let go.
We have to allow ourselves
to have all feelings.
Otherwise, we just continue
looping in the feeling
that we want to
avoid, and that's
what makes situation worse.
>> I'm afraid to release it
because I'm afraid what will it
do to me, to my body, to my
mind, to my life, you know.
>> OK, so I want you to remember
that it already lives inside
you, so releasing it, yeah,
will actually set you free.
OK, let's focus on breathing
now for a few moments, OK?
Feeling every part
of your being.
Feeling so safe.
>> I don't want to feel safe.
I don't believe in safe
because safe is not--
it's not real.
It's not real.
That's just something that
people made up just to use you.
Like your parents, "You're
safe with us," but you're not.
>> She cannot relax and be safe
because that person used her
trust and hurt her.
And that was the person that
was supposed to be there for her
and take care of her when
she was a little child.
>> I'm looking at my abuser.
I'm angry.
That's the feeling.
>> And tell me, how old are you?
>> I'm 12.
When I gave myself permission
to feel, it's when I got angry.
And I really like this angry
child, because, in my home,
we kids did not have
permission to be angry.
My dog is standing on
the front of the door.
It's early in the
morning, and she's just
standing over there frightened.
And she looks at me and
she's right now saying,
you know we were wolves.
Come on, Marcela.
We are the wolves.
Let's tear him up.
You can do it.
And I'm just standing.
And I cannot move my body.
I'm fighting and I'm screaming.
And I'm saying to God,
where are you now?
Where are you when I need you?
What did I do wrong?
>> She regressed into that
little girl that she was.
And that's why this work is so
important that we heal those--
hurt part of us and
that we learn everything
is happening for a reason.
OK, so first, let's focus on
little Marcela first and then--
>> Little Marcela is
feeling like that.
>> OK, yeah, and
you, as the big one,
I want you to tell her that you
are here now as this grown-up
adult person.
Ask her what does she need
from you in this moment.
>> She says I need my wolf back.
>> I used this
Gestalt technique,
inviting the adult Marcela
to ask the little one,
what does she need
in this moment.
And usually, the little one
would say, I need to feel safe
or I need to feel loved.
I need you to hug me.
I need you to love me.
But the little one said,
I need my wolf back.
>> I need my wolf back.
The strong part of me
that is not standing,
dissociated when
somebody attacks.
If you attack me,
please bring me my wolf
back so I can be alive.
And now I can see just
like pictures flashing.
We are not wolves but we
are thinking like wolves
and we are going through
the forest and rivers.
And it's changing so fast.
And some tribe.
And I just see myself as
like a chief, I think.
Yes, I am a chief.
I am male.
And I'm so manly man.
I'm beautiful, dark
skin, with long hair.
>> So by what name
do they call you?
>> Hana.
>> Hana, OK.
Without me even
guiding her anywhere,
she just ends up
in a past life as
this strong, beautiful,
dark-skinned man with a wolf
hairdressing.
This will be interesting because
now she is experiencing herself
as a man.
And she's really having
issues with men in his life.
So let's see what lies here.
>> The fire is over there.
And the women over there.
And I'm thinking
they're all mine.
Hana is somebody
that I really don't
want to be because I have
resentments towards men.
I have so much children.
There are so many of them.
I'm disgusted about this man.
He's so beautiful.
He's so powerful.
He's living with the wolves.
He's such a gentle, gentle soul.
But he needs to be
like the alpha male.
And I really don't
like to be this person.
This wolf embodied this Hana.
And it's saying to me like,
OK, you cannot act like that,
like human.
You're not a wolf anymore.
It's so hard for me
because right now, I'm
just three persons.
A little Marcela-- four--
wolf and Hana and me right now.
And these images are
four parallel lives,
and they're communicating
with each other.
Four parallel lives
where I didn't want
to accept the bad parts of it.
Wolf is trying to tell me, just
take the good parts about being
a wolf, but please be human.
Don't be like your abuser.
>> She is playing the role of
someone who is abusing other
people, other women, in a way
that she has been abused in this
life.
>> I was also abuser.
And now I am more prone to think
that God is really punishing me
now because I was
like that before,
and that this is the karma.
>> OK, so just take a
deep breath in and out.
It's so great to see
how, as the souls we are,
we choose different experiences.
We choose to be a bad
guy and a good guy
so that we could learn
both sides of the coin
because there is
no right or wrong.
It's just an experience.
We have all been all
those different--
in all those different
roles, let's say that way.
And now I'm going to count
for you from three to one.
And when I say one,
you'll just move
to some other significant
scene in that life as Hana.
3, 2, 1, and be there now.
>> I'm tearing apart the wolves.
Right now, I'm feeling
so much pain over here.
I'm having knife.
I don't know how to
say it in English.
[SPEAKING CROATIAN]
>> OK, so you're placing
a knife into the--
>> And it really
hurts right now.
>> --wolf's body, and you
feel the wolf's pain, OK.
>> Yes, because
now I have that--
knowing that I am that wolf,
I'm really mad at men, at God.
Why is God even a man?
Why are we always
talking about angels?
They're all men in Croatian.
They're angeli.
It's angel.
Where are the females here?
Let us live.
Let us be.
And when I say that
with such anger,
and I'm talking to God
who looks-- of course,
he looks like a manly man.
He's looking like
Zeus, like a Greek god.
And now I'm in ancient Greece.
I don't know who am
I. I am a female.
I have a white toga.
And I'm standing with my
arms are in this blood.
>> She immediately falls
into some other life.
And I was like, OK, so
we have a third life now.
And now I really need to be
super focused because there's
so much information coming.
And I'm trying to put
the dots together.
So now she's not a guy anymore.
She's this beautiful
woman killing somebody
in ancient Greece.
Do you have blood on your hands?
>> I have blood on my hands.
Zeus is over there
and he's saying,
you're going to
pay for your sins.
>> So what did you do?
>> I killed a man.
I'm having a knife.
I'm standing and I'm having
the knife in my hands.
And we are in the temple.
>> It's OK.
Tell me more.
So what's happening?
He's laying somewhere,
you're having
a knife in your hand, and--
>> And I'm stabbing him,
but in some ritual way,
like I'm releasing--
and I'm stabbing him right now.
And I said, and now you
are free and I am free.
And I'm letting go the knives
and my hands are crimson.
>> Crimson, OK.
>> And I said, oh, my
god, I killed a God.
OK, I have to hug myself.
- OK, so hug yourself.
- Because I'm so
powerful and I don't want
to be a victim anymore.
OK, it's enough.
I'm not going to be
a victim anymore.
I have my own hands,
my own feet, my mind,
and I don't need anybody
to boss me around.
I can take care of
myself, my life,
and it's going to end
right now, right here.
>> Who is this man
that you just killed?
>> It's Zeus's son.
>> Zeus's Son?
>> I think so.
I was his muse.
He wanted to use my
intellect like a weapon.
Using my abilities
to conquer the world.
When I see myself
standing like this
and he's laying like
this and he's alive.
He's looking at me, and in his
eyes, I can see the approval.
Zeus is over there and
he's like a stone now--
like a stone.
And he's looking at me and
he's saying, you're so powerful
and I need to demolish you.
And I'm saying, I am a goddess.
You cannot kill me.
And he's saying, of course,
I can't but I'm Zeus,
and you will suffer
forever in every life
because you killed my son.
I'm looking at him and
saying, daddy, please love me.
And now I have epiphany.
I killed my brother.
And that's why he didn't
kill me because I--
>> You were his daughter.
>> Yes.
Oh, my God.
He's my brother.
And I sacrificed my
brother for a greater good.
And it was like,
what is done is done.
I'm going to pay for my
sins but it's worth it.
>> She takes the belief
and carries it in all other
existences, in all other lives.
She needs to suffer slowly.
She needs to have panic
attacks all the time,
that she needs to feel
anxious all the time,
that she doesn't
deserve to be living
an abundant, flowing, happy life
because she needs to suffer.
So I knew, OK, this is something
we really need to work on.
>> Now I'm--
I just slide to my other life.
And I'm a wolf again,
but not the same wolf.
No, I'm a person again
but I have the coat
that it's so much colors.
>> Oh, my God, really?
Why are all these lives
being shown to us?
Because I know I have to
trust the higher wisdom.
I know I have to trust
the information the way
they're coming.
But for my human
mind, this is really
starting to feel
overwhelming because there's
so much information.
>> I'm so ugly.
I'm so ugly.
And I was trying to be more
beautiful by tattooing myself
with this coat.
I have long hair again.
>> Are you male or female?
>> I don't know.
I'm an outcast.
>> What tells you that
you're an outcast?
>> Because I live alone.
She talks to nature, to animals.
They are one.
And she never felt lonely.
I think that I'm an outcast
just because I'm being ugly.
>> So who kicked you out
and who pushed you away?
>> My mom.
I'm at this scene and
she's telling to some--
we need to send her away because
she's not looking like a woman,
and they will kill her.
>> So why would they kill you?
>> Because they are afraid that
I'm something supernatural.
but in a bad way.
That I will harm them.
And because the children
are going to be afraid of me
because I'm really small.
>> She was living with this
deep feeling of being unworthy,
which, again, she's carrying
as a soul in other existences,
including this life as Marcela.
>> She was full of
wrinkles like a tree.
She was so old.
Now I'm living in a cave.
And I was always looking
at my back with this cane,
and I'm like, but
I'm beautiful inside.
I'm so beautiful inside.
Nature loves me.
And now seeing this, I die.
>> We had so many lives.
And I knew that I had to lift
her above all those lives
so that we can get into that
expanded state of consciousness
to finally start understanding
what's the pattern
and why are all those
lives being shown to her.
>> I'm just seeing lights.
Thousands, millions of small
lights gathered together.
And they are giving me some--
at the same time,
protection, cleaning.
They're telling me,
it's going to be OK.
You're OK.
Be you.
Isn't that beautiful?
I was not in this body at all.
I was in the universe.
I felt so calm and safe.
>> So what I want you to do now
is I want you to allow yourself
to be moved to some
place of higher wisdom,
where you can get more
answers to your questions.
Just be there now.
>> It's like I'm in a
black hole or something.
I don't look at a
black hole the same way
like I did before because
when I was in a black hole,
I was seeing the whole
universe and nothing was Black.
Stars, but they're not stars.
They look like stars.
>> Like lights.
>> Like lights, yes.
And--
>> How many lights
do you notice?
>> I cannot count them.
>> Too many.
>> Too many, like sand.
>> I understand.
>> And they're going like this.
>> Like synchronized.
>> Synchronized like this.
And they're saying
to me, come with us.
Come with us.
>> So what do you do then?
>> No, I'm not going.
I'm stubborn.
>> So why don't you want to go?
>> I like it here.
I didn't like my
stubbornness there
because I was like, come on.
Beg me.
Make me to come.
You need me.
I don't need you.
And that was my ego.
Why do I need them to love me?
I don't need them.
They don't need me.
So it was epiphany.
>> What's keeping you
from not joining them?
>> Because I'm
scared what's next.
>> So when you tell them
that, what do they tell you?
>> It's like murmur you
know when there are thousand
of voices.
So I'm hearing, you can
talk to God about it.
And I'm telling, well,
aren't we all that God?
We are all one.
And the other light
says to me, yes,
but that's your inner conflict.
You cannot go in
this place with that.
You need to let it go because
it's going to weight you
in your another life.
And I'm telling them, well,
that's OK because I want to be
a tree in another life, please.
Can I be a tree?
I tend to think that trees
are the most beautiful living
beings on Earth.
They give us strength and
wisdom and everything.
And somebody says, well, you
can be whatever you want.
You need to let go of your mind.
Just be.
It's like saying
[SPEAKING CROATIAN],,
so give yourself a break.
>> A break.
Part of her wants to enjoy life.
Part of her wants to
be abundant, be happy.
And then there is
other part of her
that says, no,
no, it's not safe.
I don't want to go there.
>> It's like I'm holding
a rock but it's not rock.
And I really don't
want to put that--
>> Put it away.
>> No, no, I don't want to.
It's like a reminder
that who are you.
Reminder--
>> Of who you are.
>> Who you are.
And it's all of my sins.
And it's all of my baggage.
OK, I will hurt my daughter.
I don't think she's safe with
me because I have anxiety
and I'm broken, like I said.
This rock is a reminder of
my past, how broken am I.
And if I let that rock go, maybe
I will choose the wrong life.
Look what you did in your life.
And you cannot put that rock
down and go to the universe
and become another
soul or person,
because, if you
don't have that rock,
you don't have a reminder
how bad you could be.
From this point of view, it's
not God that's punishing me.
It's me.
>> There are so many humans
still thinking that God will
punish us if we do
something wrong,
but this is so much deeper.
>> When I was a wolf, I was
trying to be something else.
When I was Hana, I was abusing
or wanted to abuse women.
When I was that ugly person,
I didn't stood up for myself.
When I killed my brother, it
was like, OK, you did something
good, you did, but it had so
much consequences on the world
so you failed again.
So you need to carry all
these memories or feelings.
It's not like memories.
It's like feelings and reminders
but deep, deep inside my body.
You had a control over your
life by conditioning yourself
that you are not good enough.
>> People also think that we
humans are imperfect but we
as souls are super perfect.
No, we're not.
We as souls are also
imperfect because we are here
in this human
bodies in this life,
learning like kids in school.
And just like kids in
school aren't perfect,
they are still worthy of love.
So help me understand.
If you would let
that rock down, you
are afraid that you
would hurt again?
>> Yes.
If I let this go, what
if my true essence is
that I am a bad person and I
will choose to be, I don't know,
a serial killer
and I will like it?
If I keep this rock,
I will stay here
and I will be me here
forever and ever.
They are telling me, but
you can't feel loved.
You cannot go through
so frightened about,
are you going to get hurt or
are you going to hurt somebody?
It's like hell.
Something so close to me
and I can be part of that,
but I'm grounded.
That's my hell.
Not to be able to live life--
to live my full potential.
That's the meaning of the rock.
>> OK, so who grounded you?
>> It's me.
>> So you ground yourself.
OK, so what do light
say about that?
>> Stop believing in the
truth that is not true.
>> It was just her belief
that she was blaming.
She made that belief her truth.
She finally allows them to
help her release the rock.
>> OK, I don't need
to take this anymore.
Let them take that.
And they are taking it.
But I have just a thin
layer on my hands,
and it's like silver-ish.
And I'm looking at this
and I'm saying, well,
I'm going to keep this.
I'm going to keep this
because I like me.
I'm silver-ish.
I'm not good.
I'm not bad.
I'm me.
>> Something silver
stays on her hands.
And she realizes that
she has a silver lining
of all the trauma she went
through as a soul and as Marcela
in this life.
Ask your higher
wisdom, your guides,
how can you live your
purpose without the need
to continue panic
attacks and fears?
>> The path is not that I wait
to get rid of anxiety and panic
attacks.
My path is that I
need to go within.
To go to the forest to
connect with nature.
And now I know
that with Hana, who
was so grounded and so
powerful and with wolves.
We are not wolves but we
are thinking like wolves.
Everything takes me to nature.
And nature is your savior.
You need to go
back to your roots.
Your wolf, it's the ocean, it's
the forest, it's the mountain.
That's where I need to go.
I'm not frightened anymore.
I can see my good and bad sides.
And I really want to
nurture all of them.
And the bad sides really
need my love and attention.
And for me, it was
really a great experience
because hearing all of this
coming from me, from inside me,
it's a treasure.
I'm so overwhelmed in a good
way right now, that I really
need to process all of this
and take care of myself.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> How long do you
think this session was?
>> Like two hours.
>> Two hours.
Let's see.
Three and a half hours.
>> Oh, my God.
[LAUGHTER]
>> All those lives that were
shown to her were actually shown
for her to realize how she was
pushing away and outcasting
those sinful parts of her.
We need to accept
all our shadows,
that we need to accept all
our parts because we are
perfect just the way we are.
>> It's been two weeks
since my session.
And I can really say that I've
got my personal power back.
I really got my wolf back.
I get rid of anxiety
and panic attacks.
And when they occur,
I'm not so afraid
anymore because I know now
that the power is within me.
I've released the narrative
that God will punish me.
And I can say that it is
some great perspective for me
right now because I'm the wolf.
The power is in me and I
can do anything I want.
Now I'm not afraid to step
out and do something new.
And I'm not afraid
anymore to share my story,
to share my insights,
and to just be me.
Thank you, Petra.
I've had journey
into my soul and I
can't wait to see what's next
in this lifetime for this wolf.